API Validation - empty string (#856)
fossas/fossa-cli: Changelog.md

## Unreleased

- Configuration: Users can now use `.fossa.yaml` as a configuration file name. Previously, only `.fossa.yml` was supported. ([#851](https://github.com/fossas/fossa-cli/pull/851))

> - Warns user when provided API key is an empty string ([#856](https://github.com/fossas/fossa-cli/pull/856))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configuration: Reports an error when provided API key is an empty string ([#856](https://github.com/fossas/fossa-cli/pull/856))
```
